good evening everyone I am in fact
Dwayne Johnson and you are watching the
Graham Norton Show this is cool though
so your mother a big fan but Brad Pitt's
oh that was the best night of my life
yes
[Applause]
slippers no yeah there was this auction
thing that happened and I they called me
and said would you you know do you want
to do you want to auction something off
like maybe sort of an experience
watching the show with you or something
and I was like okay if it's lovely it's
great charity it'll be for some you know
some something yeah and it'll be fine I
get there when it's basically like this
what it's basically it's the Oscars that
there's so many celebrities in this room
and I suddenly remember that I said that
I would auction something off and so the
fear grows so I was petrified out suit
petrified and then the person whose
table I was on and there's a friend and
he was being very kind and kind of put
the paddle up and I was like thanks very
much that's very sweet that'll be that
and then someone else's paddle up went
up across the other side of the room and
I didn't really know and then suddenly
it was sort of becoming a bit of money
and I was kind of thinking else's
absolutely mental and someone went it's
Brad Pitt neriman he's pedal up paddle
one of those people they deliberately
don't say plot details - I am I
definitely am but did you let something
slip in the past why do they think
you're going to tell everyone I just
tell everyone and I just wasn't allowed
to read the script you know so I'd be on
set and I'd be working with actors and
actresses that were just tennis balls
for that day so I'd be texting people
like hey are you in this scene with
spider-man and maybe like know about
okay can watch just cross that one off
there's a list of 40 people are you in
this scene so I just basically had to do
a lot of background research to figure
out is there like a superhero watsapp
group
hosted videos of your of your workouts
here's one of the videos of you working
out
[Applause]
[Music]
I know for sure you did because it was
very indirect you were in that bathroom
admitted I was I filmed it what am I
looking at is your dress covered in what
I think it's yes it is it's very
interesting do you see that or do you
see Fenster your face it's a rush
[Laughter]
what are you thinking about when you see
me when you look heinous and well I
looked over there and I could see just a
wedding once and it during the ceremony
was a big church and during the ceremony
a little boy do you know we do you take
this woman burner and this little boy
jumped up and started running down the
sort of aisle tripped and vomited
everywhere III went on a school trip to
the House of Lords this is the coach
shouting he won't not if anywhere we
find it we find it fun in the House of
Lords I went I thought if I just go very
still and swallow sorry really Lords in
all over the red velvet seats and my
teacher deterrence a disgusting running
around with wipes at school I thought
this was like recently so there's quite
a sort of sweet tender moment yes so
what happens there can I show you
[Applause]
[Laughter]
if everybody would like to join in there
feel free to this is one of my favorite
moments in the show it's a it's a slow
dance when's the last time you've slow
dance with somebody years you can dance
with your partner's next to you or yes
music please
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh Oh the cameras were broken we've got
to do that again
did you run it past Josh that you were
going to evolve his is stepmom in the
movie oh yeah Barbra Streisand no no I
didn't talk to Josh but he just said
yeah yeah no you did you thought I was
kidding I was like no I did yeah and
then there was I can't really talk about
there was a point where I heard the song
can I say well coming out of your mouth
keep going no no I like offset which
seems a little tragic I was filming in
New York and New York obviously is the
home of the character so some of it had
to take place there and we were on his
Street on Bleecker Street and just
around the corner was a cafe and it was
in New York as I think in a lot of
America the perhaps can just the perhaps
oh you can get in front of the camera
they go hey get out of my shot to the
DOP who's moving the camera around so
it's it's extraordinary and they were
everywhere this day they were just there
were more of them than they were crew so
this is getting a little Moody because
they can't follow me into a cafe surely
in the man no they can't but you're
joining mini cafe I went yeah it's a
French word for a coffee house I'm gonna
go round the Congo I went in - sorry
normal Americans are stupid I didn't
mean
listen
[Applause]
[Music]